For the projet, we decided to do a maze game with some gui interaction. 
We wanted to utilise a range of tools within the game, to try and give off an immersive game within VR.
At first, it was about learning and getting used to unity. With learning any new software, certain parts felt very teadious but eventually we felt like we had a grasp on how to use it.
But even after feeling like we had a grasp, we made rookie mistakes.
For the scripting it became easier to understand and utilise within the game through testing and trying new things.
Each scene has a different purpose.
As it's meant to be a game, the three most important aspects to any game, we feel, are main menu, the game and a way to see and save your score.

We added a start menu as with any game there is a start menu. It's a simple menu but it gets the work done. The player will use the headset to control the pointer and and choose to quit or change levels.
The game has a number of coins with various objects and moving statues. Once the player collects all the coins, the game is finsihed and player is transported to save game screen.
The player can then see their score and time taken to complete game and save the data to a file. And then can quit game.

Problems encountered:
Our group were both erasmus students and once we left Germany we didnt always have access to a vr set.
But we figured it out and feel like we definatly could have done more and implmented more, to give a more realisted and immersive VR game.
The headset we were using, was harder to save files, it was possible but hard to find the file.
Aswell as being able to enter text, so saving names we weren't able ot find a way to do that.

For our project we feel like we deserve between a 1 and 2. Why? We feel like our game shows how far we have come because of the range of things we have implmented within the game.
To use a GUI and pointer had to be set up. Aswell as being able to access the game data from the save data menu.
We have worked hard and have learnt how to use unity. As we have a basic knowledge on using unity, we can expand on this so we can go on to make better and more immersive games.

This course has been very usefull in helping us understand Unity and helped us improve our c-sharp scripting which will be very helpful for in understanding other languages aswell.

Git-Hub link is: https://github.com/soapy98/SohailsGame.git